Add disable progress bar feature, edit docstrings (#3280)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/3280.feature.rst

> Add ability to disable progressbars when dowloading files using `sunpy.net.helioviewer.py` and edited docstrings to mention this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add ability to disable progress bars when downloading files using `~sunpy.net.helioviewer.HelioviewerClient` and edited docstrings to mention this feature.
```
